Challenge: Predicting diabetes in patients
Throughout this module, you dove deep into the topics of exploratory data analysis (EDA) and its substeps. Now, it's time to apply your knowledge.

In this challenge, you'll work with the Pima Indians Diabetes dataset from Kaggle. This data was originally collected by the National Institute of Diabetes and Digestive and Kidney Diseases. This dataset contains a subset of patient data from a larger database; in particular, it only contains female patients of Pima Indian heritage over the age of 21.

You will view this dataset through the lens of the following predictive problem: Can you predict the likelihood that a patient has diabetes using various medical diagnostic measurements?

In this context:

Target/Response: Outcome, which is 0-1 binary
Predictors: All other columns in the dataset (e.g., Pregnancies, Glucose, etc.), which are all numeric
You should access the data from the Thinkful database. Here are the credentials that you can use to connect to the database:

postgres_user = 'dsbc_student'
postgres_pw = ''
postgres_host = '142.93.121.174'
postgres_port = '5432'
postgres_db = 'diabetes'
table_name = 'diabetes'
To complete this challenge, you'll answer a series of questions about the dataset, and then submit a Jupyter Notebook containing your solutions to the following tasks. In addition, you can also submit a kernel to the Kaggle community containing your solutions if you wish.

Your goals in this challenge include validating the data, identifying potential data integrity issues, and identifying basic relationships between the target and provided predictors through EDA.

First, load the dataset and do some basic EDA.

Detect the problems with the data, such as missing values and outliers. Are there any nonsense values that you need to handle? For the missing values, think about which techniques would be the most suitable for handling these values. Regarding the outliers, think about their potential effects on your analysis and select an appropriate method to deal with them.

Explore the data using univariate and multivariate exploration techniques. Be sure to pay special attention to your target variable. In this regard, focus on finding the relevant variables that may affect the likelihood of having diabetes.

In the feature-engineering step, you need to select a suite of variables that you think would be ideal in the modeling phase. More concretely, you may discard some variables that are highly correlated with the other ones or the variables that you think are irrelevant for predicting whether a patient has diabetes.

Summarize your findings. One of the most important skills of a data scientist is to convey ideas and findings to nontechnical people using understandable language. In this regard, one of the most effective ways to communicate your ideas is to do it using effective visualization.

Answer the following questions as you work through this challenge, and then submit a link to your Jupyter Notebook at the end.